The program is a Python application that integrates two APIs: the Marketplace API and the Point-of-Sale API. The application will be triggered by a webhook called orderCreateWebhook from the Marketplace API. The webhook will be configured to send a POST request to a configured URL. 

The application will perform a series of steps, each of which will be an HTTP request to one of the two APIs. The steps are as follows:

1. Create an order in the Point-of-Sale API using data from the webhook.
2. Update the order status in the Marketplace API.
3. Get the menu from the Point-of-Sale API.
4. If there is an error in any of the previous steps, publish the error to the Marketplace API.

The data mapping between each step will be defined by a JSON object. The JSON object will provide instructions on how to map and adapt a value coming from a configuration, webhook request body, or previous HTTP request's response body.

The program will need to handle OAuth2 authentication for both APIs. The client credentials for each API will be manually configured.

Core Classes, Functions, and Methods:

1. `WebhookHandler`: This class will handle the incoming webhook from the Marketplace API. It will parse the webhook data and trigger the workflow.

2. `APIClient`: This class will handle making HTTP requests to the APIs. It will support OAuth2 authentication.

3. `Workflow`: This class will define the workflow of the application. It will use the `APIClient` to perform each step of the workflow.

4. `DataMapper`: This class will handle the data mapping between each step of the workflow. It will use the JSON mapping instructions to map and adapt data.

5. `Authenticator`: This class will handle the OAuth2 authentication for the APIs. It will use the client credentials to generate access tokens.

6. `ErrorHandler`: This class will handle any errors that occur during the workflow. It will use the `APIClient` to publish the error to the Marketplace API.

7. `main()`: This function will be the entry point of the application. It will create instances of the above classes and start the webhook handler.

Note: The actual implementation may require additional helper functions or methods, depending on the specific requirements of the APIs and the data mapping instructions.